I'm crazy like that how crazy my dad
recently hey everybody its mr. knife
happy hair it's time to go stab some
bite size off or run around and get shot
a lot so I took a 10 minute game and
knocking it down to a four minute thing
maybe so I don't want to sit through ten
minutes a guy running around stabbing
people so I don't think anybody else
would hopefully you can stick through
this four minutes with me um I went and
edited all me dying most of me dying out
because this is not a snuff film so you
shouldn't get any pleasure and watching
you died because I sure as hell don't I
like to play hardcore mode because it's
more of a challenge not to say that the
core moves aren't a challenge it's just
you die a lot in those why not die a lot
in hardcore but then challenge yourself
with you know hitting throws nice throws
so I kind of like that and it's you can
be a little more stealthy because
there's no kill camp so if you go and
hide in the corner for to pick off this
dude you hear running you run out stick
them go hide somewhere else he's not
gonna know where he came from to begin
with so he's gonna come back for the
revenge kill and then you're gonna kill
him again so then you get what i call a
return customer where he consistently
come back and try to kill you but you
just keep hiding in a different spot you
can milk like five six kills off this
motherfucker but what I like to do what
I've been rocking lately is tagging sir
I never use that more and more fair to
or black ops because I just I don't know
I never got into and then never saw the
point vainly because you have marathon
so you can run across the back one
warfare 3 makes it like you are a
350-pound bad guy running around trying
to stab people but you keep running out
of breath from all the donuts or just
ate so you have to take a little piss
break and then you wait in your weight
and get your breath back and then you go
back out there and try to a knife some
more people but you get killed along the
way so you start way back the beginning
and you get to get your fat ass running
again which that's fine it feels a
little more realistic all the freaking
running around that I've been doing my
guys should be fucking track star by now
but he's not I'm still the fat guy
running around and for some reason we're
not running up against other people I
can't catch them even if I'm standing
there catching my breath and these guys
run past me and I start running after
them I run out of breath before they do
I mean what the fuck kind of power bar
today have that I did not it doesn't it
just pisses me off or when i finally get
up to them they turn around and just
randomly just shoot me it's like did I
step on a twig did my dead silence not
work properly did I step on a bug did
you hear me squash a fucking butterfly I
don't know but they turn around to blow
my freaking face off pisses me off or
when I throw a knife and they randomly
go left or they randomly go right or
they do a drop shot on somebody else and
i miss they hear my little kinky Clank
on my knife and they turn around and
shoot my fat asses I'm wheezing my way
towards that kind of shit pisses me off
okay yes buff extreme conditioning okay
buff the fatboy run otherwise you're
gonna piss more lifers off so we're not
just knifing because we like it we're
leaving because we're tired being the
fat guy running around stabbing people
that's why we can't work too fat to move
I love nice and it makes me happy it's
nice after a stressful income and just
stab some people's faces off it just
makes you feel bad so what I'm going to
be doing for the channel is more
montages more gameplay not necessarily
in hardcore mode because it is kind of
Arts you get a good game play because
let's get a good score you got a camp
and it's just really not fun to watch it
dude sit there in a corner especially if
it's you so you know maybe just regular
core modes I get a good game i'll start
throwing i was up with the commentary if
you want to commentary otherwise i'll
put some freaking jumpy jump techno
music to it and you can just you know
wave your glow sticks as you watch it I
don't care
just let me know so another thing I'm
doing for epic gaming is the top five
what the moments of the week so whenever
you're playing a game and you get a kill
and you like or somebody else gets a
kill on you and you're like what's up
those are the ones that I want you to
send in okay that's epic WTF kills at
gmail com
you